
DONE: rowers should not put their name in a slot where someone hasd
crossed off their name--rather, they should add their name to the bottom of
the list.

DONE: Also the coach does not over book the session--he simply works
with who has signed up and fills as many boats as he can.

DONE: Rowers are not called if there is no seat--they sometimes get a seat because of a no show and sometimes have to go home.

DONE: Coaches do not pick eights first because of cox ratio.  coxes come from the rowers at large and thus are available anytime the coach tells them to cox.
rather, eights get more rowers on the water per coach.  A coach can be more
effective with two eights than with one eight and two fours, for example.

DONE: The coach does not contact the rowers that they will not be needed.  Rather, if it looks like a major overbooking, he calls the captain who decides how many to call.  this happens only once or twice a year.

DONE: The session manager takes attendance, not the coach.  the session manager
notes no-shows, bumped and coxes--then gives the sheet to the treasurer.

DONE: if a rower gets too many no shows, the captain deals with it.  two weeks off is not a standard--it is just something I did in two cases over the past
four years.

DONE: I think putting the boatings on the net would be a bad idea.

DONE: Sign-up sheets are posted more typically a week in advance rather than a
month.

DONE: Statements are emailed only to those with email addresses otherwise
statements are sent via US mail.

DONE: Sign ups should be restricted to approved members

DONE: names used in signups should be supplied from an approved list. Such a pick list would also avoid spelling problems etc.

DISAGREE: to be successful, the internet based system must replace the paper--doing both would not be a help to those doing the work.

DISAGREE: the coach would not need to add any names to the sign up list--the list would be it.

DISAGREE: Once form taken down (locked) not sure needs to be visiable to users.
Not sure need for coach to add name to form since to final format is the
boating sheet that the coach makes up and session manager administers.
